1. Web browsers function by using a software program to access the internet from a device. Web Designers then use languages like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to write instructions that browsers translate and render into the intended layout.
2. DOM or Document Object Model is an interface to a document and stipulates how that document is accessed and changed by defining its structure. DOM represents documents as nodes on a tree structure so that programming languagess can modify the content. DOM is not a webpage, but it is an essential step in creating one.
3. HTML is the most widely used web language and is the standardized element and tagging system. It is also used to render content and page structure while XML is different. XML is stored in plain text format, eases data transport and availability, and allows for upgrading without losing data. There is also XHTML which is almost identical to HTML, its usage ensures that documents are marked up correctly and there are strict code requirements to make it less vulnerable to future changes.
4. The four main types of pages your HTML needs is the <!DOCTYPE> declaration, the <root> element, the <head> element, and the <body> element.
5. The Index is on almost every website you encounter. The browser automatically looks for the index from the host server when a URL is passed to a browser that does not specify a title.
6. When naming files it is important to use mainly lowercase lettering, or to use camelcasing. Also not using spaces in the name and using dashes instead. Don't start any files with a numeric character, don't use any "funky" characters. Also include a extention with all files. 
